Add Version Policy (#18)
Readme-Workflows/Readme-Icons: VERSION_POLICY.md

[semver]: https://semver.org/
[icons]: https://github.com/Readme-Workflows/Readme-Icons/tree/main/icons

# Readme Icons Version Policy
We use releases to allow you to use a specific instance of an icon in case it was changed or even removed.

> The Releases of this repository follow basic [Semantic Versioning][semver] with a few specific changes regarding when what part of a version is receiving an update.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Releases of this repository follow basic [Semantic Versioning][semver] with a few specific changes regarding what part of a version is receiving an update.  
```

> The version format is `vMAJOR.MINOR.PATCH` and follows the following Update-rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The version format is the basic semantic version format (`vMAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`) and follows the following Update-rules:
```

- **Major** is updated whenever a new set of icons is added to or an existing icon set is removed from the [`icons`][icons] folder.

> - **Minor** is updated whenever new icons are added to an existing icon set or existing ones are removed. This also includes the simple renaming of an icon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Minor** is updated whenever existing icons are replaced by a new icons set or existing ones are removed. This also includes the simple renaming of an icon.
```
